Happy birthday for the rest of your life.
Thank you fourth brother
Hey, Qingqing Qin is celebrating his birthday
Why is your lowly maid here too?
You don't know.
That bitch is very scheming
Take great pains to seduce Young Master Qin
Qin Shao is simple-minded
I guess I fell for his trap
A lowly scare is high enough
You see
The animal's eyes never moved from him
This bitch is in bed
Ordinary people can't compare
I heard.
When he was in junior high school, his colleagues had a lot of boyfriends
It seems that there have been more than a few fetuses
Wait a minute
Let's give this bitch some color to see
It's so boring to drink all the time
Why don't we play some games?
Okay, let's play Truth or Dare
Warm this card is for you
I don't play these games.
Oh, don't spoil the party.
You're all that's left.
Otherwise, we can't open the door to this game.
It's just that you don't play?
Just swept away Qin Shao's face